---
published: true
layout: post
title: the wrapup - 2015 edition
description: ""
category: null
tags: 
  - personal
---


## the wrapup - 2015 edition

As a year wrapup I guess I'm pretty thankful that I didn't die of starvation.  

That was pretty great not dying. 

It was good that I got to study and try new things and read a lot.  It was also pretty great that I got to get back to Ohio twice, and also good that I made some peace with leaving.  
I'm not sure why, but after the second trip there, I really felt pretty confident in my decision to leave as well as feeling pretty good about not wanting to move back any time soon.  That might change, but for now I know that my future is in California.  

Speaking of the future, I'm also thankful about my new job.  I expect I'm going to be pretty busy learning the product, but also learning how to code and build tools.  I don't think it would have been possible to get this job without having the time to study and maybe even without the trip to Ohio. 
I'm really thankful for the people that provided guidance, friendship and support over the last year.  

I'm pretty lucky in that I had a good group of people to talk to and get ideas from as well as answer my dumb questions and help me keep my head on straight. 
Of course most importantly Naoko supported me through all this and was both cheering me on and making sure I did what was necessary. 

It wasn't all great, but looking back I see how I was lucky to have the help I got.  Thanks everyone.
